Hi, guys.
Welcome to Goat Talk, the number one growth podcast on the Internet.
I'm your host, Hayden Wade.
And I am Cody Winter and Justin Mueller.
All right, let's go.
Radio Voice there it I try, man.
It's not there just yet, but I'm working on it, that's for sure.
But I'm excited to be here, that's for sure.
This is going to be an awesome podcast that we got going.
And man, I'm fired up.
I'm fired up.
Yeah, maybe let's kick off.
What the heck is goat talk? Who we are? Just answer those two questions and go from there.
Cody, you want to go? Yeah.
So. My name is Cody Winter.
I'm super excited to be here.
Who am I and what is growth? Goats.
What's? The Growth Goats podcast.
What's? The goat talk podcast.
So. My name is Cody Winter.
I'm from Wisconsin, born and raised.
I'm a Midwest guy, right? So I've been grown up in a Midwest family, and I've been an entrepreneur at my heart my whole life.
Ever since I was ten years old.
I was working in the restaurant industry with my stepdad, and he owned and operated multiple restaurants.
And as soon as I got out of high school, I decided to not go the college route. I knew that wasn't for me.
I started out working in the restaurant industry, and then about a year into doing that, I actually opened up my very first business with my best friend, Justin Mueller, which was awesome.
So we started a business together.
We were in business for three years together doing that, and that was an awesome experience.
We learned a lot together.
We traveled all around together.
And then we decided in the last six months that we wanted to put the financial service policy, the financial service company, on autopilot.
So we did that.
And now we are excited with our new adventure, which is a real estate company that we are starting, our real estate investment company.
And we are teaching people all around the country the ins and outs when it comes to cash, investing, and wholesaling and real estate.
And we're super excited about where that's going.
And the name of our new company is Winwin Properties, a three way foundation between Justin, my brother, and I.
And I'm super excited to be here.
Super excited to be a part of Growth Goats and excited to see this community blow up and change the whole face of when it comes to personal development, community growing with other people becoming the better you, becoming the greatest of all time.
The goats.
I'm excited for that.
So that's a little bit about me.
Why don't I pass it over to one of the other goats so they can tell you a little bit about themselves? Hayden.
Hayden Wade, tell us about yourself.
What's up, guys? I'm Hayden wade.
I'm a founder, investor, career coach, adventure seeker.
My background is in tech.
Went to school for software engineering.
Now. I enjoy building products, teams, dabbling side projects, and climbing mountains. That's a little bit about me.
And I'm excited to share with you Growth Gouts and everything we're going to bring to this community and this podcast.
So I'll kick it over to Justin real quick.
Yeah, I'm Justin.
I'm 25 years old.
I live in the Midwest.
I was born and raised just like Cody, small towns, lots of farms, lots of corn, and lots of cows and beer and cheese.
But yeah, wisconsin.
I was born in Wisconsin right out of high school, actually.
In high school, I had started a couple of businesses.
Like, I was an entrepreneur early on.
My family has actually started multiple really successful businesses, and it always inspired me.
And that's kind of what's taken me on this journey.
And that's kind of what makes me so excited about Growth Goats, is that these talks, this podcast.
Oh, man, dude, I'm super fired up for it.
I think a lot of people here knew from a young age that they wanted to be something. They wanted to go somewhere, they wanted to be around good people. That's what I thought, at least.
And in Growth Goats, this community is going to, I think, bring it to the next level for anyone who's here, really.
I mean, I've already started to see a lot of improvement in a lot of the community, and it's super cool to see.
And, yeah, that's a little bit about me.
And, yeah, I'm fired up, yes.
To bring it closer.
Justin, Cody and I all met in Minneapolis.
I'm originally from Green Bay, Wisconsin.
So if you think you have a cheese curd that's better than Wisconsin cheese curd, we'll challenge you.
We can argue about what the best Wisconsin cheese curd is, because there is even a tier list for that.
Yeah, there's definitely a tier list for that.
Yeah. So it's super awesome.
We all met together in Minneapolis, and we met about, I want to say almost a year and a half ago, two years ago.
And it was right after the pandemic had started, right when things kind of started opening back up.
And we all met and we all were running individual businesses at the time.
And then about six months or not even six months ago, about, say about 70 days ago, 60 days ago, we all got together and reconnected, and then we had an idea to start this awesome community because we were all talking and we were like, man, I wish we were all part of something.
And then we all kind of decided, why don't we just take the bull by the horns and start something of ourselves? And if you can't find a good community of like minded people, you might as well start your own, right? So that's what we're here to do, is help people that were in that situation all over the country, which is super cool, and we're not trying to sell you anything. Yeah, exactly.
I think that's huge.
Yeah. It's all free.
We're here to help.
We want you to succeed.
Yes, we've mentioned growth goats.
But what is growth goats? Yeah.
You want to answer them? Yeah.
So Growth Goats is a community that we started that is all about bringing people together to have a common goal of getting better at whatever it is you want in your life.
How to be a better person, a better husband, a better business owner.
Just to be the goat, the greatest of all time when it comes to growing together. Right? So that's what growth goats is.
It's a community of like minded individuals, a group of people that want to grow, that want to see each other win, that want to learn from each other.
Right. We want to have a community of people in every industry and every type of lifestyle.
People who have been married for 20 years, people who have kids, people who are very successful at their job, people who are in all different types of industries where we can come together and we can learn and grow as a community and just make all of our lives better.
Right? Who doesn't want to do that? Who doesn't want to level up? Who doesn't want to take everything to the next level, right? So that's what we're focused on, is how can we help as many people reach their max potential? Because we all have kind of what Justin was talking about.
We all have that feeling inside of us where we want to be something.
We want to be a part of something bigger than ourselves.
And that's why this community is so important, because that's what we're going to be doing.
We know that we want to be a part of something bigger than ourselves.
We want to help people.
And that's why we're doing this, because there's a big especially now, right? I mean, it feels like right now more than ever, America, the world is divided than ever, right? Politics, social status, social media.
Everybody is just so divided.
Everyone has an opinion on everything.
And what we want to do is we want to highlight some of the problems and not only highlight the problems, but bring a solution to those problems.
Right. How can we help people with mental health? How can we help people with personal development, being a better person, being a better wife, husband, son, father, whatever it is.
Right, so I think that sums up I went a little long there, but that sums up to me what it means to be a goat, right? What it means to be a Growth Goat community member, like what it means to be a g, right? AGG.
Yeah, it's true.
Yeah, I think that was good.
And I think that kind of hits on, like, that's a really good idea of I think it summed up there pretty well what growth Goats is Justin.
Maybe one of you guys can have this.
What can you expect if you're a Growth Goats member? If I'm somebody that's hearing our voice for the first time, they're like, what's this? What can they expect from it? I'll answer that if you're cool with that.
Honestly, what can you expect is let me kind of back it up.
Not like, go around the question, but kind of back that up with what makes us unique and would make you even want to join our group and a group of like minded people and maybe qualify to join the group.
We have, like, standards here.
We've set really high standards of the quality of people that we want in this group.
And I think just that alone is huge.
Because if you're in the personal development space and you've joined facebook groups or maybe groups on LinkedIn I haven't really been on LinkedIn groups, but facebook groups specifically, I know are very watered down, and they'll just kind of accept anybody, and they're not really gearing it towards their audience to try and help them.
They're really just trying to grow a community, which is totally okay.
I mean, that's what they're trying to do.
But that's kind of what makes us unique.
And, I mean, we have a screening process.
It's not watered down like other groups.
You're going to have real people that can bring real value to you.
And I don't know anything really more valuable than that, than having like minded people that just want to help.
If you have a community like that, I don't see how you could not succeed unless you're not asking questions or reaching out.
And I think that what you can really expect is, like, high standards people who are motivated every day.
There's days where I'm down, and then I'll open the Growth Goats chat, like the exclusive chat on Facebook, and it's just like, dude, people like, posting wins of the day or posting something that went wrong and how they made it right.
It's just really cool.
Yeah. No, I like that.
That's awesome, man.
It basically explains exactly who we want, what you can expect from it.
And we're not looking to work with everyone, but if you're looking for something where you can be held accountable, you can grow, you can learn from other people and be in an environment that's judge free and very friendly, very awesome place with people coming together who think like that. If that's you any of those things I just mentioned, congratulations.
You're hearing my voice.
You're in the right place.
Right? So that's what we wanted to talk to a little bit about today.
What we wanted to talk about, we talked a little bit about who we are now.
You know who we are a little bit.
We wanted to talk about a little bit today with our first episode, the Kick Off. Right? We want to be able to look back at this when we have 100,000 members nationwide and we're doing live events and filling up arenas and football stadiums of all of our goats.
But we want to talk about a little bit about what are the challenges with building a community like this? What discipline does it take? What are some of the challenges, what are some of the adversities you go through? Because anybody out there that's looking even to build maybe not a community, but maybe you're trying to build a recreation football team, or maybe you're trying to build maybe you're trying to build a community church project or whatever you're trying to do.
Whenever you're trying to get a group of people together to go down the same vision that are all shooting for the same thing, you're going to have some challenges, right? Obviously.
So there's some challenges that we've have faced, and we'd love to talk about it.
So that way, if you're going to go out and build a community, maybe what we talk about can help you either go through that or understand what's going on, understand it's a part of the process, or completely avoid some of the headaches that we've had to go through and can help you do that.
Right. So I'd like to kind of just kick it off with that, right? Kind of just open discussion, whoever wants to go for but I know we've all had some challenges. I know Hayden and Justin, they make it look easy, right? But it's definitely been hard.
Right? There's been some challenges, and that's anything in life.
But what would you guys say are some of the challenges that we've gone through starting this group? Yeah, I would say just like what we'll talk about the rest of the episode here is not just for building communities.
It's for building a brand, whether it's your personal brand, your company, help sell yourself to get the next job or the promotion, whatever it might be. Yeah.
So to go back on the great vision of growth goats, what that looks like in person events all over the world would be amazing.
Selling out arena is great.
But yeah, right now, what's that look like? For us, it's a private Facebook group, an Instagram, where we're doing random live streams with just the founders, covering topics, engaging with audience.
And then we just announced last week that we're doing a private, weekly live call with all community members where we'll really engage with each member, help them overcome challenges that they're facing in their lives, provide them value, get them to the next level, share wins, share those struggles.
Then to circle back to Cody's question, like, what's been the biggest challenge? Making sure we have quality individuals.
I think having a diverse group of people is a real big challenge.
We want people with a diverse group of backgrounds, gender, race, age, you name it, because everybody has different experiences, and those are super valuable perspectives to have when it comes to solving problems.
Not to interrupt you, Hayden, but I just wanted to hit on this, so I don't want to lose my thought.
I like what you said, like, finding quality people.
What are some of the ways we're doing that? Is it's easy to say, but how are we finding quality people? Like, what's a good way to do that? Yeah.
I'd say engage in conversation, fill out whether or not the individual is truly looking to grow.
That's like our use case.
We want a community of people who want to grow.
So talking with people, understanding if they want to grow, and if you get that feeling they do at the end of the conversation, extend them invite to the private Facebook group.
That's kind of how I've been approaching it.
Yeah, I like that because that's how you can find you're not trying to sell them on something.
Right. That's how you find a good quality.
And like you said, in anything, building a brand or anything like that, you don't want to feel like you're constantly selling.
Right. Just kind of put it out there and let the chips fall where they're may kind of what you're saying.
Yeah. And a second technique we've been using is in every one of our videos where we talk about how to join the group, we say DMs GG to get an invite.
So by making people take that action, they already put theirselves above the other people who aren't willing to take action and make change in their lives. Some people aren't looking to make change, and that's okay.
Nothing against those people, but yeah.
So those people who DM us, they get the invite, they get on board into the group through our screening process, and then they get all the info on the live calls and stuff like that as well.
That's been going really well, too, because we've been getting multiple there's been times where we missed, like, somebody messaged us GG right as it was happening, and we totally missed it.
We had to follow back with them.
But that's been doing really well with saying that every video being consistent with it.
Right. That's really important because if we miss a video, then it's like now we're not being consistent.
And when the group is not going well, that could be that's part of it.
Right. So being consistent, I think, is huge.
What do you think, Justin? Sorry, I kind of blanked.
What was the question? Were you talking about money? I was listening.
No, you're good.
We were just talking about what are some of the challenges? Right.
So Hayden was just talking about how engagement is really good, getting people engaged, and then also finding really good, diverse people.
What would you say are like a challenge that some of the other challenges we've gone through? I think on a time perspective, I would say that was definitely a challenge.
I know Hayden, he's over in Utah and he's super busy.
He's got his company, he's growing side projects.
And then, you know, Cody and I were super busy.
And obviously we still want to grow this group because we want to grow this thing to probably a million members, at least, like quality members.
But I would say in my head, that's probably one of the biggest challenges because obviously, if you can put a lot more time towards something, it's just going to grow a lot faster.
But that's the power of YouTube and that's the power of TikTok and Instagram, and that's why we're trying to utilize those things.
And right now, though, I think we are doing pretty good just to start.
And I think that's a concept that we've talked about before, Justin, you and I, individually, a lot, something that we have to talk about a lot, especially as young men who like to we're very active, we love to be outside, we love to be social.
Kind of like that concept of temporary sacrifice for permanent gain, right?
What I mean by that is there's a lot of times at night where we start working on our community and obviously distractions come up.
It's super nice out, or this person wants to do something or, hey, this event is going on, or, hey, this meeting is about to go on.
Right. So finding that time, I think that's really important because there's times where we don't want to, but at the end, it feels good once it's done, right? So I think that's a concept that's super powerful that we've talked about before.
If you're not willing to sacrifice something, then there's not a whole lot of reward on that.
At the end, you have to ask yourself, what am I willing to sacrifice now? So that way, when we do have those millions of hundreds of thousands, thousands of people, we're going to know why.
Because we put in that work of sacrificing the golf games or the movie night with my wife.
Right. It's awesome, too, that I have a partner that understands that that's huge. If you're out there and you have a partner, you definitely need to get on the same page with your partner about stuff like that.
Because if you're not on the same page, it's going to be really hard for you to even have a happy relationship.
Ship so I love that, justin, that was really good, man.
And I think that's a lot of the challenges that we've all been facing.
And it's just like anything else, right? A lot of building a business, building a community, building your brand.
You're going to run into a lot of the same problems.
Yeah, I definitely get that.
Yeah, no, I think you're completely right.
I think people can understand that as you get older and older, the more responsibilities you have, the harder things become.
And that's just how life goes.
And everyone understands that.
I mean, there's some people out there, they have ten kids and they're still working and still doing what they need to do because they got the drive, they got the power of the will.
It's cool to see.
And I just want to take advantage of while we're young and I got the energy to do it.
I'm excited.
There's a lot of value packed here and I can't wait for people to find it.
One thing that's really interesting too, that I know we were going to talk about is kind of understanding what's our strategy for marketing.
And I really want Hayden to hit on this because Hayden, he's really good at marketing, he's really good at social media.
He's on top of the game, this guy for fun.
Sometimes he'll text me over these articles or he'll show me this stuff and he's like, it'll be like 1030 at night.
And he's watching this video on how to get more engagement on Instagram.
And he's like, oh, I love this stuff.
I'm like, man, that fires me up.
So, hey, what would you say, for example, why are we doing it on Facebook versus anywhere else, right? Or versus this or that? Kind of go behind what was the thinking of that? Yeah, why we picked a private Facebook group over maybe Discord or a LinkedIn group.
We just feel like the people who are targeting people in our age group, we're not discriminating on age, but we just generally think those are the people we can connect most with right now because they're at the similar stage in life.
They probably have Facebook accounts.
They know how to use a Facebook group.
It's not super foreign to them.
Whereas like Discord, it's very techy.
A lot of gamers use it, things like that.
There's been some crossover, but really use what's familiar, use what's easy to use.
So for us, managing a community is hard.
Facebook's got great community management tools that assist us.
For example, it posts every week.
What is your goal for the week? There's like posts throughout the month that it just automates that you can come up with so that super helps to just drive the conversation.
And then as an admin, you can just hop in there, leave your $0.02, be more of a member versus an admin.
Right. Because of these tools.
So I think that's really valuable and I think ultimately, at the end of the day, listen to your community as you build it.
So if you get down the road, you have 5100 members, 20 members, and you notice engagement is low, put out a survey, understand? Like, hey, is it because we're on Facebook? Or maybe you're getting a lot of DMs saying, hey, I would love to join your group, but I don't have Facebook.
Maybe consider using a different platform or take a poll like, hey, which platform do you guys use most? It could be a WeChat group or Instagram, DMs.
There's a bunch of different ways it could be.
So just ask your audience.
Ask your community.
They'll tell you, I love that, too, because then you get the community members more involved, right? If you're lacking engagement and then you're asking the community, and then you do what the community asks or the majority asks now they're like, okay, when I input my input, it doesn't fall on deaf ears, right? Like everybody has that feeling of when me and Justin Hayne and I know we've all been through it because we're entrepreneurs, but we've all had jobs before.
And I'm sure there's people out there that's had a job where they come in and they see how things are running and they see things from, like, an employee perspective.
And they try to go to the owner or the supervisor or whatever, and they try to tell them, hey, I'm noticing these things, and nine out of ten times, what is the answer? Oh, yeah, I've been here a while.
That's just how we do things.
Or, oh, yeah, I'll bring it up to the boss, right? And it never gets there.
Right? Why? Because you're, like, on the bottom of the food chain, right?
How we envision growth coats going is once you pass the screening process, there is no food chain.
Right? If you're making a million dollars a year or making $2,000 a month, it doesn't matter to us.
You have an input.
You have a say in what we want to dictate as a group, which is super cool, where you're at a job, and they just like, you see things being run, and you're like, oh, my gosh, we can grow this company together, but they just don't listen.
Falls on deaf ears.
Yeah. And sometimes the employee might be coming from a good place, but sometimes the business owner has gone through that for 1020 years and knows the ins and outs.
But, yeah, dude, that's, like, super valuable just because, man, lost my thought process again.
But basically, man, I don't know.
With being an employee, when you come in to growth goats, I think that it's super powerful, especially with polls, just because when you have the standards that we have and the value that we bring and that our people bring the polls, I mean, dude, you get really good polls.
You'll know what you need to do because of just of who the people that we have in our thing is.
But yeah, no, really good.
Really good.
On the point.
Just like, where are the people hanging out that you want to attract?
Whether you're selling a product or a service or growing a community, where are those people hanging out, whether that's online, are they hanging out on Instagram? Are they hanging out on? TikTok LinkedIn.
Where are they at? Right? So think about that and go from there.
And then I don't know.
Do we want to go into content strategy or anything like that? I think we could save that one for.
Yeah, we could talk about that on a different day.
I'd say good thing that to kind of touch a little bit on the content.
One thing that we do is we have our Facebook group, but we also don't ignore the other platforms.
They're just more of a tool that we use to lead people to the Facebook.
Right. So we have an Instagram, we have a LinkedIn, we have a TikTok, we have in person clubhouses that we're working on, which is super awesome in in person locations.
But it all leads back to like the Facebook group.
Right. So that's super important.
It's good to spread yourself out.
Just don't spread yourself too thin.
Have a place that you can always kind of like call your home base.
Right. So we talk to people on Instagram, talk to people on LinkedIn, and then we always just send them back.
Right. Which is really good.
And part of that is just selfish too.
We're busy.
It takes a lot of time if we have to manage all these different platforms, is the three of us.
It's time consuming.
It's a lot of effort and energy.
It is.
So if we can just focus on providing a ton of value in one place, that makes it so much easier.
It helps everybody out.
Yeah, exactly.
I agree.
Yeah. And I think it's good.
I think we could, like I said, touch on it a little bit.
Kind of what Hayden said before.
There's a reason why I always say we don't just do things because we like to do them.
We always have a thought behind something.
Right? So we always are really meticulous.
When we think about when we make a post, we always ask ourselves, why are we posting this? What is this going to do for the group? How are people going to react? What's going to happen after we do this? Right? So kind of like what Hayden said.
The reason why we chose Facebook, it was all the things that Hayden had mentioned, being really awesome for communities and really easy, user friendly. But also we understood that most of our members and future members would have Facebook.
So understanding, like Hayden said, understanding where your people are going to be and just being there is half the game.
Right. If you're somebody that if you're single, where do you probably go?
Where all the other single people are.
Right? So if you're single, you don't go to the couple's dancing class down the road, right? Because if you go down there, it can be a bunch of couples, right. You go to the speed dating networking, or you go to the nice restaurant down the road and maybe there's a hangout there and you have a chance to meet a single person there.
Right. So it's all about putting yourself in the right environment.
That's half the battle.
Getting in the right environment is half the battle, in my opinion.
So one of the things that people ask is that I think is really important to understand, something you kind of talked on before, Hayden, but I think this would be a really good point for people to understand.
So what would you do and this has happened before, so I kind of want you to talk about it.
Hayden, what would you do if somebody messages you on Instagram and then they say, oh, I don't have a Facebook.
They don't have a Facebook? Yeah.
I'd say like, hey, engage with our content.
So say if they're on Instagram, but they're not on Facebook, gauge in our content DM us, we'll let you know when we join Instagram.
Say, if we get five people who say, hey, they don't have Facebook, but they have Instagram, then it's probably worth generating a group chat or maybe just start one from the beginning and just keep adding people.
So it's easy.
Yeah, true.
Yeah, it's good.
Always have a solution, right.
You don't want to tell them, all right, well, you don't have a Facebook.
Well, hit the road, Jack.
See you later.
Right. You want to give them a solution every time, even if it's something that is something that's temporary and you improve it later, they're going to appreciate, like, you're trying to get them involved.
Make it a little extra effort, right? Maybe just say, oh, okay, well, yeah, put them in a group chat and then you start feeding that group chat or put them in a group text or whatever it is, right? Yeah.
Hayden to kind of wrap up our first episode, which, by the way, I can't wait, we're going to be very consistent.
We know that consistency is key.
So in a year from now, when we all look back at our very first episode and we're celebrating and we're looking back and having good laughs and seeing our growth, what would you say, Hayden, is your vision, your plan for what we want to do with this goat talk and what we want to do with GG, just in general? Yeah, I think immediate focus is continuing to grow the group with a diverse group of people who really want to grow and then start up our local meetups.
Start one in Minneapolis, start one here in Salt Lake City.
Yeah. So if you listen to this podcast, made it this far, and this sounds like something you want to join DMs GG, we'll send you the Facebook group.
So they can join the Facebook group.
They can message all of our it'll be in the description of these videos or these podcasts, not videos, but there will be an access somewhere for the link to our personal account.
And then again, you can go on IG and you can follow us at Growth Goats Underscore. So it's growth goats underscore.
And then in our Facebook group, we have a private group, so you'll have to look up.
You just go into the search go on groups and you'll look up growth goats.
You'll see our logo.
It's black with a goat on it, right? It says growth goats.
And then you'll just have to complete a screening process once you get there. Once you go through that and you're in, you're good.
And you'll get a message from me, Justin and Hayden right away once you do join, welcoming you into the group.
So we look forward to having all new members in there once we start getting this consistent.
I agree.
Can't wait to see you guys there.
Yeah, no, I'm super excited.
First podcast of many to come.
And I know that Hayden, Justin and I are so excited about what this is going to be and what we're going to do and how we're going to grow this thing.
Right. I have a vision of helping not only helping other people this may sound a little selfish, but I see myself with this community because of this community becoming a way better husband to my beautiful or a better husband to my beautiful fiance, being a better son to my mother, being a better person that can lead people.
Because one thing is once you start something like this, something that this has really taught me is once you start a community like this, it's kind of like all the eyeballs are on you.
Right. I couldn't be running this community and then not growing at the same time because people could see that, right.
People can see through it.
So once this community started, it really put a lot of self accountability on myself.
Like now it's time to step up.
Now I really need to make sure that I am doing what's right for me, my family, my community, every single day.
I can't have any off days, which is super important.
So I love that about this community.
The self accountability is huge.
Yeah. Super excited, man.
Do you guys feel that same way you guys been feeling that way since we started this? So much love in the group.
I wake up and I just smile.
Like it warms my soul.
There's other people in the group who have messaged us and told us like, thank you guys so much for starting this community.
I have a great place to there's people who have met each other.
We've already had members hopping on phone calls and they're not even telling us and they're like connecting.
I'm like, oh, my gosh, this is perfect.
This is exactly what we want.
Hayden kind of wrap it up here.
We told them how they can join the group when they get in the group.
You kind of touched on it before.
We're going to be having weekly live calls.
So what can people expect from the weekly live calls and then we'll wrap it up here.
Yeah. So every week we'll have either a topic or exercise, engage everybody, go through and solve challenges that people are having or just share on like educate people on new I don't know, if they don't know anything about tech, educate them on tech.
They don't know anything about sales.
Educate them on sales, real estate, whatever it might be.
So that's just like a high level of what the weekly live calls are.
But yeah, you definitely want to be there.
Attend those.
00 p.m central Standard Time.
And the only way to get in the Wednesday call is in the Facebook group, right? Yeah.
So join the Facebook group, be there, be square.
And we're super excited to see everyone there.
We're super excited about this podcast.
We're super excited to be growing with you along the way.
Anything I'm missing here, boys, before we wrap up the first episode? No, I think that's it.
That's it.
Awesome. Well, that made it this far.
Thank you so much for being here.
We're excited we'll be seeing you in the near future.
You'll be hearing our voice again.
And for anybody that made it this far, you're a goat.
We're all goats.
We're going to make it there.
And I can't wait to see how we're going to be able to help people, impact people, and what you guys can be expecting from us on the future episodes.
We're going to be diving into Hayden's business.
Everyone's going to be hearing the ins and out of the tech, social media, what it takes to be a leader.
And me and Justin will definitely or Justin and I, we will definitely be talking about finances, real estate, insurance, relationships.
So that'll be the topics coming up.
So don't miss out on the next episode.
We will have a way where you can turn on notifications when our episodes go live, so make sure you have those on.
And we look forward to seeing everybody at our next episode.
Be there, be square.
Big things are.
See you later, goats signing out.
Talk to you guys later.